Hello and welcome to Machine Learning with Python.
In this course you'll learn how Machine Learning
is used in many key fields and industries.
For example, in the healthcare industry, data
scientists use Machine Learning to predict whether
a human cell that is believed to be at risk of
developing cancer is either benign or malignant.
As such, Machine Learning can play a key role
in determining a person's health and welfare.
You'll also learn about the value of decision
trees and how building a good decision tree from
historical data helps doctors to prescribe the
proper medicine for each of their patients.You'll
learn how bankers use Machine Learning to make
decisions on whether to approve loan applications;
and you will learn how to use Machine Learning to
do bank customer segmentation, where it is
not usually easy to run for huge volumes of
varied data. In this course you'll see how machine
learning helps websites such as YouTube, Amazon,
or Netflix develop recommendations to their
customers about various products or services,
such as which movies they might be interested in
going to see or which books to buy. There is so
much that you can do with Machine Learning.
Here you'll learn how to use popular Python
libraries to build your model. For example, given
an automobile data set, we can use the scikit-learn
library to estimate the co2 emission of cars
using their engine size or cylinders. We can
even predict what the co2 emissions will be for a
car that hasn't even been produced yet, and we'll
see how the telecommunications industries can
predict customer churn.You can run and practice
the code of all these samples using the built-in
lab environment in this course, you don't have to
install anything to your computer or do anything
on the cloud. All you have to do is click a button
to start the lab environment in your browser.
The code for the samples is already written
using Python language in Jupyter notebooks and
you can run it to see the results or change it to
understand the algorithms better. So what will you
be able to achieve by taking this course? Well,
by putting in just a few hours a week over the
next few weeks you'll get new skills to add to
your resume such as regression, classification,
clustering, scikit-learn, and psy PI. You'll
also get new projects that you can add to
your portfolio including cancer detection,
predicting economic trends, predicting customer
churn, recommendation engines, and many more.
You'll also get a certificate in Machine Learning
to prove your competency and share it anywhere
you like online or offline such as LinkedIn
profiles and social media, so let's get started.
[music]